After more than 45 years of ministry in more than 18 countries, we are not new to big, faith-filled undertakings! When K.P. Yohannan founded GFA World in 1979, he could only dream of the worldwide movement it would grow into, with millions of believers worshiping the Lord as a result. 

See where we've been and where we're going!

2014
First World-Class Hospital Established
Believers Church Medical College Hospital (BCMCH) was established in South India, now servicing over 2,000 patients per day.

2019
Africa Conversations Begin
After visiting our ministry in Asia and  BCMC Hospital in India, senior church leaders from Rwanda extended an invitation to begin our work in Rwanda, including establishing a world-class hospital.

2021
On the Way in Rwanda
In Kigali, Rwanda, a senior leader was able to find land, complete with buildings for an office and Bible college, at a fraction of the cost. Meanwhile, God moved on a supporter to provide the needed resources to purchase it. 
A team of missionaries began the work by ministering to the people in the community as well as helping 50 children through our child sponsorship program. Within just a few months, a church of 250 believers was established. 

2022
Hospital Groundbreaking
Official groundbreaking to begin construction of the hospital. 

2025
Hospital Nearing Completion
The Believers International Hospital nearing completion, opening its doors in 2026. 

2026
Medical University Groundbreaking
Construction begins for the medical university, staffing quarters and campus facilities. 

2027
Medical University Commences
Medical University will be completed. Medical University to have an enrollment of 500 students per year.
2028
Medical Campus Completed
The hospital, medical university, staffing quarters and advanced treatment centre.

2030
First Graduating Class of Medical College
First class graduates. Some graduates fill positions in Rwanda hospital, some go as medical missionaries to other African countries.

2031 
Permanent Clinics Establish in other Countries
First permanent clinics established in other countries. Also, first trained missionaries graduate from the Bible College in Rwanda to work communities where medical teams are serving. 

2035
Expansion Plans for Next Hospital and Medical University
Expansion efforts will begin for another hospital and medical university in the western region of Africa.


